                                                8th November 2002




Dear *****:

Thankyou for alerting me to the situation regarding my webserver.

Analysis of my server's log files shows that the vast majority of data
transfer is downloads of my photographs. These downloads origi-
nate exclusively from three hosts - Bellville-ppp41914.sympatico.ca
(206.172.98.155), Bellville-ppp72559.sympatico.ca (216.208.90.66),
and ns.hpedsb.on.ca (209.226.83.2). I have a pen-pal in Bellville,
Ontario, Canada, to whom I recently sent the URL for my pho-
tographs. My hypothesis is that she has used some software to
automatically download these images, for instance onto a desktop
background, which (due to misconfiguration on her computer), re-
peatedly hits my server and downloads the data.

From my research over summer into the college download costs, I
was under the impression that the University did not get charged
for outgoing data (such as downloads from .unimelb.edu.au web-
hosts), and therefore my webserver would not incur any costs to
the University. In any case, I never expected this many hits to my
PC!

In response to this situation, I have blocked all external access to
bruce.ormond.unimelb.edu.au at the Ormond College firewall, en-
suring that only Ormond computers can access bruce, and there-
fore no further network load or costs will be incurred to the Uni-
versity. I presume that the "questionable content" referred to by
InfoDiv was in reference to my links to the sites "Furniture Porn",
"Ultimate Kiddy Porn" and "Brushpr0n", all of which are humorous
satire sites poking fun at the Internet pornography industry. On
further searching of the sites linked from my website, it appears
that "Bert is Evil" has had pornographic advertising added since I
added the link to my website, and I have replaced my link to this
site with a local mirror where I have removed the pornographic im-
ages. I vehemently oppose the distribution of pornographic images
over the Internet and would under no circumstances knowingly
link to such sites from my own, let alone host such content on my
own server.

While I must say I am somewhat amused that my server has hit the
top 10 .unimelb.edu.au webhosts by data transfer, I did not intend
this to happen and most certainly would never want to cause the
Uni financial costs or tarnish the University of Melbourne's repu-
tation.

I sincerely apologise for the inconvenience I have inadvertently
caused you, Ormond and the University, and I assure you the se-
curity measures I have undertaken will ensure it does not reoccur.

Yours sincerely,




Martin Strauss
